Add Full Text Search Description to PGroonga (#15490)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/database/extensions/pgroonga.mdx

| 2   | 'Groonga is a fast full text search engine that supports all languages.' |
```

## Full Text Search

> The `&@~` operator performs full text search. It returns any maching results. Unlike `LIKE` operator, pgroonga can search any text that contains the keyword case insensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `&@~` operator performs full text search. It returns any matching results. Unlike `LIKE` operator, pgroonga can search any text that contains the keyword case insensitive.
```

> The &@~ symbol operator is for Full Text Search. It returns any matches result. Unlike `LIKE` operator, pgroonga can search any text that contains the keyword case insensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `&@~` operator performs full text search. It returns any maching results. Unlike `LIKE` operator, pgroonga can search any text that contains the keyword case insensitive.
```

Take the following example:

{/* prettier-ignore */}
```sql
select * from memos where content &@~ 'groonga';
```

And the result:
```markdown
 id |                                content                                 
----+------------------------------------------------------------------------
  2 | Groonga is a fast full text search engine that supports all languages.
  3 | PGroonga is a PostgreSQL extension that uses Groonga as index.
  4 | There is groonga command.
(3 rows)
```

### Match all search words

> To find all memos where content contains BOTH of the words postgres and postgres, we can just use space to separate each words:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find all memos where content contains BOTH of the words `postgres` and `pgroonga`, we can just use space to separate each words:
```

{/* prettier-ignore */}
```sql
select * from memos where content &@~ 'postgres pgroonga';
```

And the result:
```markdown
 id |                            content                             
----+----------------------------------------------------------------
  3 | PGroonga is a PostgreSQL extension that uses Groonga as index.
(1 row)
```

### Match any search words

> To find all memos where content contain ANY of the words postgres or postgres, use the upper case OR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find all memos where content contain ANY of the words `postgres` or `pgroonga`, use the upper case `OR`:
```

{/* prettier-ignore */}
```sql
select * from memos where content &@~ 'postgres OR pgroonga';
```

And the result:
```markdown
 id |                            content                             
----+----------------------------------------------------------------
  1 | PostgreSQL is a relational database management system.
  3 | PGroonga is a PostgreSQL extension that uses Groonga as index.
(2 rows)
```

### Search that matches words with negation

> To find all memos where content contain the word postgres but not pgroonga, use - symbol:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find all memos where content contain the word `postgres` but not `pgroonga`, use `-` symbol:
```
